This file comes from the documentation of the original WiiScrubber. As such,
some parts of it might not apply to WiiScrubber NG.
===============================================================================

Q1. What does it actually do?
A1. It finds out where in the disc image the data is and changes the rest of the data
    to 0xFFs.

Q2. And this does what?
A2. It allows compression programs to then compress the image. After you have run the software,
    in 'classic mode', you can compress the resulting ISO and get a size similar to that indicated
	in the top right panel.

Q3. What does the TRUCHA option do?
A3. Well one of the other ways of overwriting the non-compressable empty space is by
    overwriting it with 0's. This has the advantage of, since it is using TRUCHA, actually
	correcting the SHA tables.

Q4. But TRUCHA won't work with IOS37 will it so it's a bit pointless?
A4. Most likely BUT it's very much a case of wait and see. Changing the disc to boot
    directly instead of from the system menu would possibly still allow it to work anyways.
	It was also a bit of development I was doing for multidisc :) Some people haven't
	updated to IOS37 anyways. The downgrader also makes it worthwile.

Q5. Multidisc????
A5. Well since I know where the data is on the disc, and can add files,directories etc. It's
    only a small step to create an image that contains the files of several other ISO images.
	I "only" need to finalise the "merge fst.bins while checking for duplicate filenames and
	relocating all the files in the second disc to the free space on the first disc" function.
	The TRUCHA option adds 5 files to the image in the root directory and then maps their data
	to the free space.  This is made even easier by the
	partition options now implemented as you could simply extract several partitions worth of data, merge
	the files and add on a loader/chooser. I'll give it a week from when this software is released until
	a multidisc maker appears (change the main.dol names for each disc, put into seperate directories,
	modify the main.dols to use the new directories, have a menu on screen that allows you to choose
	and run the different (renamed) main.dols).
	
Q6. How do I scrub a disc normally?
A6. You can only do this if you have a copy of the key.bin file in the same directory as the software.

	Depending on whether you want to create the DIFF file then make a selection from ISO, DIFF or BOTH
	A DIFF file is a copy of the data that was 'scrubbed' from the ISO and allows you to unscrub at a
	later date if you so wish.

	Depending on whether you want to maintain the header information then choose either YES or NO from
	the keep headers block. Given the ease of checking sha tables it's probably a bit pointless keeping them
	and adds 1k per cluster to the storage if you do (about an extra 150Meg over a disc image)

	Depending on whether you want to do TRUCHA scrubbing or normal then chose 0xFF or TRUCHA from the scrub type
	box

	0xFF Mode:

    1. Click on 'open ISO'
	2. Wait for it to be parsed. If all looks OK then click on 'clean and save'
	3. You will be prompted for where to save the file. Choose a path and name
	   - I recommend using a different drive to the source ISO.
	4. Confirm your selection from the pop-up prompts
	5. Wait until it says it's finished
	6. Compress the newly created file with whatever archive software you want

	Trucha Mode:
    1. Click on 'open ISO'
	2. Wait for it to be parsed. If all looks OK then click on 'clean and save'
	3. You will be asked to confirm you want to save the file.
	4. Empty files and a replacement fst.bin, a fake fst.bin and a replacement boot.bin are created
	   in the same directory as the ISO
	5. Wait until it says it's finished
	6. Follow the instructions in the final pop-up
	7. Compress the newly created file with whatever archive software you want


Q7. How do I unscrub a disc?
A7. You do not need a copy of key.bin for this operation.

	You will need at least 4.3Gig of storage space for this

	1. Click on UNSCRUB IMAGE
	2. Choose the ISO image to unscrub and the choose the DIFF file to use
	3. Choose where to save the unscrubbed image
	4. Select yes from the 'are you sure' popups.
	5. Wait.

Q8. Why cant I create files bigger than 4Gig?
A8. You have the destination partition formatted to FAT32 which only allows files upto 4Gig in size

Q9. How do I Save a file from an ISO?
A9. Open the ISO and then right hand click on the file in the disc display. Then choose "extract" from the
    pop-up menu

Q10. How do I load a file?
A10. Similar to A9. Load the ISO and choose 'replace' from the pop-up menu. If a file is bigger than the one originally
     there then the software will try and relocate it to another part of the disc image that does have enough space
	 to accomodate it and the update the fst.bin or boot.bin accordingly.

Q11. Does Load work on Gamecube discs?
A11. No. As all the work is based around encrypted partitions.

Q12. I think I've found a bug!
A12. Then pop along to www.gbatemp.net and let me know

Q13. What is the point of deleting a partition?
A13. That allows you to delete, for example, an update partition from the disc image. Effectively
     it then functions in a similar manner to having 'brickblocked' it. It has the added advantage of not
	 including any Nintendo firmware image and knocks a bit more off the scrubbed ISO size.

Q14. Why would I need to resize a partition?
A14. Some ISO images have a partition size set to, say, 4Gig while having the datasize set to only a few
     hundred Megs. This then means that extra files cannot be added into the disc partition OR larger files
	 cannot be moved in either as the datasize will not allow it.

Q15. Do I have to unscrub an image before burning it?
A16. Nay, nay and thrice times nay. Just unrar/zip/7 Zip the image which should then give you a 4.5 Gig (or whatever)
     file and then burn it. Imageburn is the recommended application for burning.

Q16. Whats the best compressor to use?
A16. I use winrar but other people use 7 Zip. When compressing you might as well choose the 'fastest' option as there
     is a negligible difference in output compared to a massive decrease in compression time. It's why I never implemented
	 a compression option.

Q17. Will you write a Linux and Mac version?
A17. No. I don't have the time at present (or the hardware in the Mac instance). I'm more than willing to help anyone who wants
     to though. Source code is always available (and I usually comment what I do :) )

Q18. Why did you stop developing it?
A18. It's use is now moving away from what was originally intended (the partition stuff and the trucha bits). It's time for
     new apps.

	 I'm also bored of developing it at the moment and it seems a good time to stop.

Q19. Does getting rid of the headers use the TRUCHA bug?
A19. No. It works as a 'normal' scrub but doesn't keep the 1k of encrypted header. This means it's easier to spot in software
     but as the headers are incorrect in relation to the data in a scrubbed disc it would fail a simple SHA test either with
	 or without them.

Q20. I've heared that discs that have been scrubbed cannot be opened by Trucha signer. Is this true?
A20. No. Trucha, like scrubber, has it's own set of bugs and scrubbing the disc does not trigger any of those. Trucha cannot open some
     discs as standard due to some of it's limitations on file count and not handling more than 2 partitions. It's still a very
	 nice application.

Q21. What about changing the boot mode of the disc?
A21. Depending on where you right click in the display, you'll get a different menu. Doing the right hand click over "WII DISC"
     allows you to change the boot mode. In short, by setting the first byte of the disc to '0' it bypasses the system disc
	 channel menu. The usual value is 'R'.

Q22. What on earth is "shuffling"?
A22. This is where the partitions on the disc have been madified in some way and there is a gap between them.
     Shuffling moves all the partitions upto the end of the previous partition and has the effect of moving
	 all the intergap partitions upto the end of the disc. e.g. if you delete the update partition you can then
	 'shuffle' the data partition down to where the update partition started.

Q23. What does the 'Shrink' option do?
A23. This takes all the data in the partition and moves it all upto the start of the partition, moving all the free space
     to the end. This uses the Trucha bug as the H3 table gets regenerated.

Q24. Why bother changing the boot mode?
A24. Why not? It allows for the disc to be booted as an automatic instead of manual mode. This is just another feature I
     implemented while playing around.

Q25. What do the other exe's in the Rar do?
A25. MakeWiiKeyBin.exe alleviates the need to distribute key.bin - it makes it for you
	 Partition builder allows you to take a directory of data and create a partition from it 
	 - that can then be put into a disc image by wiiscrubber.
	 To build a partition you will need:
	 1. A partition.bin, apploader.img, boot.bin and bi2.bin taken from an existing disc
	 2. A Main.dol
	 3. A boot.bin and bi2.bin taken from an existing disc
	 4. Some other files that you want to put in the image - max filecount is about 0x20000

Q26. Why doesn't the extract option work sometimes?
A26. The name probably contains spaces, while acceptable under Windows I wasn't sure the Wii
     actually allowed filenames like that I didn't bother fixing it.

Q27. I sometimes get "i/o error" when adding partitions and/or opening an ISO - why is this?
A27. This is due to me not fully creating a boot.bin for the new partition you create. It's a 'soft
     error' in that things will still work. You may encounter it when importing a partition.
	 If the ISO is the DVD5 version of SSBB then the reason you have the error is because the channel table still shows
	 the VC games as being present, though they have been removed. If you delete the VC partitions they'll disappear.

Q28. What about the source code? Can I have a copy?
A28. Yep. The source is released and should be found somewhere near where you found this FAQ and readme. A lot
     of it is commented to a reasonable standard.

Q29. I have a great idea to improve the software, how do I do that?
A29. See the answer to A28 and get a copy of visual C. I'll probably do any small bugfixes anyways.

Q30. I've heared that scrubbed discs do not work under IOS37 - is this true?
A30. xx      xx       xxxx      xx
     xxxx    xx     xx    xx    xx
	 xx xx   xx     xx    xx    xx
	 xx  xx  xx     xx    xx    xx
	 xx   xx xx     xx    xx    xx
	 xx    xxxx     xx    xx
	 xx      xx       xxxx      xx

	 IT DOES NOT USE THE TRUCHA BUG UNLESS YOU CHANGE A FILE. THE TRUCHA BUG IS FIXED UNDER 37.